The international multidisciplinary classification consensus on lung adenocarcinoma, published in 2011 by the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer (IASLC), the American Thoracic Society (ATS), and the European Respiratory Society (ERS), proposed for the first time classification methods specifically for surgical resection specimens, small biopsies, and cytology, and discontinued the use of the term bronchioloalveolar carcinoma. It introduced the names of adenocarcinoma in situ and minimally invasive adenocarcinoma, and advocated for a comprehensive and detailed histological diagnostic approach for invasive adenocarcinoma.
As clinical applications deepen, there is still some confusion among pathologists and clinicians regarding the understanding and application of the new classification in certain aspects.
This article interprets the new international multidisciplinary classification standard for lung adenocarcinoma and analyzes and discusses the issues that should be noted in clinical practice.
Treat a 6-year-old cerebral palsy patient with traditional Chinese acupuncture therapy.
Acupuncture will be performed once a week on Language Area I, Language Area II, Movement Area, Foot Movement and Sensory Area, as well as Balance Area. After that, acupuncture will be performed every other week for a total of 15 treatments.
After each acupuncture treatment, the patient's articulation difficulties, motor disorders, and weakness in the legs, arms, and hands were significantly improved. After 15 treatments, the patient fully recovered.
This case proves that acupuncture therapy in traditional Chinese medicine can achieve satisfactory results in the treatment of cerebral palsy in children.
Further research and clinical trials are still needed to fully develop and utilize the potential value of acupuncture therapy in the treatment of cerebral palsy.
However, in the treatment process of cutaneous lymphoma, people know very little about the use, effectiveness, and safety of this therapy.
Case report: Two patients with primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma (pT2bcNxM0 follicle center and pT2acNxM0 marginal zone) cancelled or delayed recommended conventional treatment and received high-dose, fever-inducing mistletoe therapy; combination therapy was administered by intratumoral, subcutaneous, and intravenous injection, and one patient also received whole-body hyperthermia.
After receiving treatment with 12.98g and 4.63g cumulative doses of mistletoe extract, respectively, these two patients experienced regression of lymphoma 12 months and 8 months later.
So far, 3 and a half years after starting treatment, the patient's condition is currently in a period of remission.
During the entire observation period, both patients did not receive routine cancer treatment.
"Ren Zhi Medicine is a comprehensive multimodal treatment system that is based on a holistic understanding of human beings and nature, as well as of diseases and treatments."
Its foundation is based on the concept of four layers of constitutive forces and a triple human body constitution model.
In large hospitals and actual medical practice, artificial intelligence medicine and traditional medicine are used together.
It uses medicines extracted from plants, minerals, and animals; employs art therapy, psychotherapy, and rhythmic massage; and utilizes counseling, psychotherapy, and specialized nursing techniques such as topical ointments.
Ren Zhi Medical is provided by doctors, therapists, and nurses.
A health technology assessment report and its latest update document list 265 clinical studies on the efficacy and effectiveness of human intelligence medicine.
The research results are described as having overwhelming positive advantages for this therapy.
These studies, as well as other specific safety studies, have not found significant risks but instead suggest good tolerability.
Economic analysis also found that it has a favorable cost structure.
"Ren Zhi Medical has received high satisfaction ratings in patient reports."
As part of lifestyle care, nutritional therapy is a recommended treatment for type 2 diabetes patients.
However, most diabetes patients do not adhere to this treatment guideline.
Changing dietary habits involves acquiring knowledge and mastering practical skills, such as shopping, cooking, and storing food.
Just as a fitness coach uses their specialized fitness knowledge to improve the effectiveness of their teaching, certified chefs who have received health coaching training may combine their culinary knowledge with coaching to improve their clients' food choices and lifestyle.
This report documents a case of a 55-year-old single white male doctor who was recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and has chronic stress, sedentary behavior, and poor dietary habits.
The patient participated in an 8-week chef coaching program, where a chef trained as a health coach provided one-on-one 30-minute coaching sessions via Skype.
In the first five sessions, the patient's goal was mainly cooking skills; however, after successfully achieving these goals, the patient further expanded their goals to other areas of life, especially exercise and work-life balance.
At the end of the program, the patient improved their nutrition and exercise habits, increased their confidence in further improving self-care, and improved their health parameters such as HbA1c (reduced from 8.8% to 6.7%; normal value is <6.5%).
Our conclusion is that chef coaches may help diabetic patients improve their actual cooking skills and improve their diet through practical application, and may also help them improve their overall self-care.
We plan to further develop chef coaches and evaluate their potential applications based on their implementation results.
Heart rate variability (HRV) (the variation in time intervals between adjacent heartbeats) is an emergent property of interdependent regulatory systems that occurs at different time scales to adapt to environmental and psychological challenges.
This article briefly reviews the neural regulation of the heart and provides some new insights into the mechanism of very low frequency rhythm of heart rate variability.
Interpret HRV rhythm in the context of discussions on health risks and assessments of physiological and psychological self-regulation abilities.
The spinal cord and medullary cardiovascular regulatory center, which are integrated inputs in the more advanced brain centers with cardiovascular input functions, regulate heart rate and blood pressure through sympathetic and parasympathetic neural pathways.
We also discussed the innate neural system of the heart and the connection pathway between the heart and the brain, which can transmit information and affect the activity of the subcortical area, prefrontal cortex, and motor cortex.
In addition, the use of real-time HRV feedback to improve self-regulation ability was reviewed.
Our conclusion is that the characteristics of heart rhythm are both complexity and stability over longer periods, reflecting the physiological and psychological functional states of these internal self-regulation systems.
The relationship between Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) and asthma is very clear in adults, but not very clear in the pediatric age group.
The benefits of proton pump therapy are limited in all age groups.
Although there is an increasing amount of literature on the use of complementary therapy for both asthma and GERD, there is little research focused on the therapeutic benefits of treating the GERD-asthma relationship.
We presented a case of a 2-year-old boy with asthma and GERD who did not respond to inhaled low-dose corticosteroids, β-agonist therapy, and a 6-week course of proton pump inhibitor therapy.
We noticed that his symptoms gradually disappeared when he used a combination of Jianwei San and Dianqiecao powder oral preparation (a pharmacological drug containing chamomile, Dianqiecao, bismuth, and antimony salts).
Chamomile and bismuth are known to have stomach-protective properties, while henbane contains anticholinergic drugs with bronchodilator effects.
These supplementary medications seem to have the potential to alleviate symptoms of GERD-related asthma.
Circle dance originated from the traditional folk dance and is now popular worldwide.
This article explores its significance for participants.
In-depth interviews were conducted with 39 students, teachers, and online teachers training program organizers from the British square dance community.
Using the theoretical foundation of application construction, several major categories were established, including circle dance learners, teachers, and organizers.
This article focuses on the first category, which is called "I can't imagine life without it", and involves the experiences of 22 dancers.
From a leisure perspective, the study revealed how participants generated a sense of meaning and satisfaction by participating in the hula hoop dance, and also revealed the potential role of this leisure activity in people's well-being.
Establishing robust health infrastructure in every country is the most effective long-term preparedness strategy for responding to global health emergencies.
This includes not only the health system and its human resources, but also the legal infrastructure related to health in various countries: laws and policies that empower, obligate, and sometimes restrict government and private activities.
The law is also an important tool for promoting health and hygiene protection.
Public health professionals play an important role in health law, from policy development and implementation to scientific evaluation of the impact of laws on health.
Member states must communicate their national health laws and regulations to the World Health Organization.
In this article, we suggest that the World Health Organization, with its authority and credibility, support capacity building in the field of health law among member states, and make national laws more accessible, understandable, monitorable, and evaluable.
We believe that there should be a strong advocacy for donors to provide funding to public health legal centers or departments, so that these centers or departments can have sufficient staff, be well-connected with peers in the region, and be integrated into the main work of the World Health Organization.
The tasks of these departments or centers will be to identify and integrate scientific and legal expertise (including technical and procedural knowledge) in public health law across the entire scope of the World Health Organization's work, and to carry out and promote global health policy monitoring.
Method: Establish a TMA amplification system using TaqMan probes, specific primers, mouse leukemia reverse transcriptase, T7-RNA polymerase, and PCR substrates.
Evaluate the sensitivity of the TMA system by amplifying a 10-fold gradient-diluted HIV RNA transcription standard.
Collect plasma from 60 HIV-infected patients, and use TMA and Cobas Amplicor HIV-1 Monitor 1.5 assays for detection. Compare the positive detection rates of the two methods, and analyze the correlation and consistency of the two techniques using linear regression and Bland-Altman method.
Result: The TMA amplification system was successfully established, and this technology can detect HIV transcription standards as low as 10 copies/mL.
Linear regression analysis was performed on 46 plasma samples with quantitative results for both TMA and Cobas testing, and the two techniques showed a very good correlation (r=0.997, P<0.001).
The Bland-Altman analysis showed that the average difference in the quantitative Lg values between the two detection methods was 0.02, and 44 samples (95.7%) were within the 95% limits of agreement.
Conclusion: TMA technology has high sensitivity potential.
"TMA and real-time RT-PCR have a very good correlation and consistency in detecting HIV RNA in plasma."
Purpose: To explore the effect of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) on the expression of high mobility group box-1 protein (HMGB1) induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in mouse peritoneal macrophages and its possible mechanism.
Method: Conventional methods were used to extract and culture mouse peritoneal macrophages. LPS was used to induce inflammation in mouse peritoneal macrophages to construct an inflammation model. PGE2 and prostaglandin E receptor (EP) agonists were used, as well as RNAi technology to downregulate the expression of EP4 receptors in macrophages, inhibit the expression of DN.CREB plasmids, and treat LPS-induced mouse peritoneal macrophages. The expression level of HMGB1 was determined by Western blotting.
The purpose is to compare the clinical efficacy of the combination of lipoic acid and ipatasertib with lipoic acid alone in the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) patients.
Method: Collect clinical trial data on the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) with the combination of lipoic acid and epalrestat before February 2016 from databases such as CNKI, CBM, VIP, Wanfang, and PubMed. Use the Cochrane system and Jadad score to evaluate the quality of the articles, and use RevMan5.3 software to conduct a meta-analysis of the overall effects of multiple research results.
The result included a total of 9 studies.
The meta-analysis results showed that the efficacy of alpha-lipoic acid alone was significantly lower than that of alpha-lipoic acid combined with ipatasertib [RR=0.58, 95% CI (0.47, 0.71), P<0.00001]. The median nerve conduction velocity [WMD=-4.94, 95% CI (-7.41, -2.46), P<0.0001], the peroneal nerve conduction velocity [WMD=-5.08, 95% CI (-7.68, -2.49), P=0.0001], the median sensory nerve conduction velocity [WMD=-4.24, 95% CI (-6.20, -2.29), P<0.0001], and the peroneal sensory nerve conduction velocity [WMD=-3.66, 95% CI (-5.02, -2.31), P<0.00001] were also significantly lower than those of the combination therapy.
The sensitivity analysis shows that the results are robust.
However, there are problems with the inclusion of the study, such as simple design reporting, few subjective indicators, and short follow-up time.
Conclusion: Lipoic acid combined with pregabalin can improve the efficacy, increase the motor nerve conduction velocity and sensory nerve conduction velocity of the tibial or peroneal nerve.
In order to enrich the endophytic fungal resource library for producing paclitaxel, a strain of endophytic fungus TMS-26 that produces paclitaxel was isolated from the stem of Taxus media in Mandeya.
By conducting high-performance liquid chromatography analysis on the fermentation extract of TMS-26, it was found that it has chromatographic peaks similar to the paclitaxel standard (4.545 min).
Further detection through liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry revealed that the fermentation extract of endophytic fungus TMS-26 has mass spectrometry characteristic peaks similar to the standard paclitaxel ((M+Na)+=876), indicating that endophytic fungus TMS-26 can produce paclitaxel.
Millions of people, especially those in low- and middle-income countries, often cannot access sufficient and effective medication due to the burden of cost.
The World Trade Organization (WTO) ministerial conference in 2001 adopted the Doha Declaration on the TRIPS Agreement and Public Health.
The declaration examines the impact of intellectual property on the development of new drugs and drug prices.
The declaration outlines the measures taken by WTO members to ensure that everyone has access to medicines, namely the TRIPS flexibilities.
These measures include compulsory licensing of pharmaceutical patents and measures for the circulation of drugs in the least developed countries.
The purpose of this study is to document the use of TRIPS flexibilities to access lower-priced non-patented drugs between 2001 and 2016.
A total of 89 countries and 176 potential cases of using TRIPS flexibilities have been confirmed: 100 cases (56.8%) involve compulsory licensing or public non-commercial use licenses, and 40 cases (22.7%) cite the medicine circulation measures of the least developed countries.
The remaining cases are: 1 case of parallel import; 3 cases of research anomalies; and 32 cases of non-patent related measures.
In 176 cases, 152 (86.4%) were successfully executed.
"They cover drugs for treating 14 different diseases."
However, 137 cases (77.8%) involved drugs used for human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome or related diseases.
We found that the use of TRIPS flexibilities is more frequent than commonly assumed.
Given the problems faced by various countries in accessing high-priced patented drugs, the practical and legitimate pathway provided by the TRIPS flexibilities for accessing low-cost generic drugs is becoming increasingly important.
Zearalenone (ZEN) and its derivatives are a type of non-steroidal estrogenic mycotoxin mainly produced by fungi of the Fusarium genus. They are widely present in grain feed and by-products such as corn, barley, wheat, and sorghum, and pose a serious threat to the health of livestock and humans. It is urgent to develop relevant technologies to degrade and detoxify ZEN.
IFN-λ1 is a member of the type III interferon family and has similar functions to type I interferons.
Previously, we have obtained soluble recombinant human interferon-λ1 from Pichia pastoris expression.
However, the high glycosylation in the expression of Pichia pastoris brings immunogenicity, which affects the production and purification efficiency of the protein.
In order to overcome this drawback, a interferon mutant (rhIFN-λ1-Nm) with potential glycosylation sites mutated was constructed in the text.
In the presence of AOX1 promoter and alpha factor signal sequence, successful extracellular secretion expression of rhIFN-λ1-Nm was achieved by methanol induction in Pichia pastoris GS115.
We analyzed the estrogen concentration and gene expression of estrogen-regulating enzymes in the subcutaneous adipose tissue of premenopausal women with estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer (n=11) and non-breast cancer (n=17).
Estrogen (E1) is the main estrogen in premenopausal breast adipose tissue, and the mRNA expression of E1 and CYP19A1 in adipose tissue is positively correlated with BMI.
The concentration of estradiol (E2) in adipose tissue fluctuates during the menstrual cycle, similar to the serum concentration.
In women with breast cancer, the levels of E1 (1519 vs. 3244, p<.05) and E2 (404 vs. 889 pmol/kg, p<.05) in adipose tissue were lower in the follicular phase than in the luteal phase, while there was no significant difference in control group women.
During the follicular phase, the mRNA expression of HSD17B1 (median 0.06; interquartile range 0.05-0.07 vs. 0.17; 0.03-0.2, p=.010) and CYP19A1 (0.08; 0.07-0.14 vs. 0.22; 0.09-0.54, p=.025) in breast cancer patients was lower than in the control group.
In short, during the menstrual cycle, changes in the concentrations of E1 and E2 in adipose tissue, as well as changes in the regulation of CYP19A1 and HSD17B1 by estrogen, may be related to local estrogen metabolism disorders in women with breast cancer.
The treatment of hepatitis C virus infection is a long and arduous task.
Direct-acting antiviral drugs (DAAs) target the replication process of hepatitis C virus, making it possible to completely cure hepatitis C, while also making the treatment regimen more standardized and simple.
However, when selecting antiviral treatment plans, specialist doctors should still fully consider the relevant factors that affect the efficacy and safety of the drugs.
In recent years, genetic engineering technology has developed rapidly, and many recombinant proteins have been expressed.
Using plant bioreactors to express specific drug proteins provides a new approach for the prevention and treatment of some important human diseases.
The genetic transformation and expression system of plant chloroplasts has become a hot research topic in current plant bioreactors.
Many important medicinal proteins have been successfully expressed in plant chloroplasts.
Tobacco, as a higher plant chloroplast transformation model plant, has made significant progress in the expression of vaccine antigens, antibody and other important recombinant proteins.
The genetic transformation of higher plant chloroplasts also provides new technologies and methods for studying the expression and regulatory mechanisms of chloroplast genes.
The article provides a comprehensive review of recent advances in the genetic transformation system of higher plant chloroplasts from multiple perspectives, including the principles of chloroplast genetic transformation, vector construction, expression of recombinant proteins and important medicinal proteins in chloroplasts, and the effects of recombinant protein expression on plant metabolism and traits. The aim is to provide new ideas for the development of chloroplast expression platforms and the expression of important medicinal proteins.
The development of bone repair materials that possess multiple biological activities, perfect compatibility with in vivo degradation and new bone formation, and the ability to completely reconstruct bone tissue in a physiological state is a future research focus.
Objective: To explore the feasibility and efficacy of performing a simple total caudate lobectomy for giant caudate lobe hepatocellular carcinoma (diameter ≥10 cm).
Method: Retrospective analysis of clinical data from 27 patients with giant hepatocellular carcinoma who underwent simple total hepatectomy from January 2001 to December 2011.
The overall survival rates at 1, 3, and 5 years after surgery were 80.2%, 52.1%, and 27.1%, respectively.
Conclusion: Simple total resection of the caudate lobe is safe and effective for giant hepatic carcinoma with caudate lobe involvement.
In June 2015, our unit admitted a child with Marfan syndrome, spider-like fingers and deformity and contracture of both hands.
Continuous "Z" flap + "V-Y" shaping technique was used on the middle and ring fingers of the patient's left and right hands to relieve skin tension on the palmar side of the fingers and release contractures.
Due to improper selection of treatment plan and underestimation of the impact of the underlying disease of Marfan syndrome on the surgical treatment, the patient's right middle finger suffered from ischemic necrosis and was amputated after surgery, with long-term complications of fingertip bulging and paroxysmal neuropathic pain; the skin flaps of the other three fingers also suffered from local necrosis and scar healing.
After discharge, the patient developed serious complications such as stiffness in the distal interphalangeal joints of the fingers.
Based on this case, it is not recommended to perform stage I surgical treatment for similar diseases.
Von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) syndrome is a rare autosomal dominant hereditary disease, and the pancreas is one of the abdominal organs that is easily affected, including pancreatic simple cysts, serous cystadenomas, and neuroendocrine tumors.
VHL syndrome-related pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (VHL-pNEN) are mostly non-functional but have a tendency to become malignant. Treatment options include regular follow-up, surgical treatment, and drug therapy.
The malignancy degree of VHL-pNEN is lower than that of sporadic pNEN, and the prognosis is also better. Therefore, surgical treatment should be carefully selected.
The indications for surgery include a tumor maximum diameter ≥ 3 cm, tumor doubling time < 500 days, VHL gene mutation in exon 3, suspected malignant appearance on imaging examination, functional pNEN lesions, etc.
The surgical approach should preserve the functional pancreatic tissue as much as possible.
Even for patients with malignant pNEN that cannot be cured by surgical resection, aggressive medical treatment may still allow patients to achieve long-term survival.
The safety evaluation of nanomaterials used in food is an important foundation for ensuring, regulating, and maintaining the health of the population.
However, China has not yet established a national-level nanomaterial safety assessment program, nor does it have specific assessment procedures for the toxicology and safety assessment of nanomaterials used in food, which has constrained food safety assurance and regulation.
The current safety evaluation methods for nanomaterials mainly rely on traditional toxicology evaluation methods, which extrapolate from high to low doses and from animal experiments to humans. These uncertainties constrain the accurate assessment of the safety of nanomaterials, as well as the development of scientifically effective evaluation procedures and regulatory measures.
This article provides an overview of the key issues that need to be addressed, including the general situation of nanomaterials used in food, as well as related exposure assessment and evaluation methods, with the intention of establishing toxicity testing methods for nanomaterials used in food that are consistent with the vision and strategic goals of 21st century toxicity testing.
In addition, this article reviews the current regulatory management, toxicity testing status, and existing issues of food-use nanomaterials in China and several developed countries or organizations, in order to provide scientific basis for the establishment of safety evaluation procedures for food-use nanomaterials in the future.
Global integration has increased the risk of international transmission of infectious diseases, and countries are facing increasing pressure to prevent and control imported infectious diseases.
After evaluating the risks of imported cases and local transmission, the current main approach for prevention and control is to conduct prevention of importation and routine control measures before the arrival of cases, and emergency control measures after their arrival.
Participating in global unified actions to assist countries affected by the epidemic and proactively eliminating the risk of importation has become an important prevention and control strategy.
The related research on the estimation of time of death has an extremely important position and significance in the field of forensic medicine, and has always been one of the major problems that urgently need to be solved in the practice of forensic pathology.
Traditional methods and means have many shortcomings, and the introduction of new methods is imperative.
With the emergence of various new technologies, research on the estimation of time of death has a trend from simple to complex, and the amount of data is constantly increasing.
This article first summarizes the methods of previous death time inference, and finally looks forward to the application of big data artificial intelligence algorithms in forensic medicine death time inference research.
Ischemic hepatitis, also known as hypoxic hepatitis or shock liver, refers to liver cell damage that occurs without any known cause of acute hepatitis, manifested as acute and transient elevation of transaminase levels (20 times higher than normal). The incidence of this disease is 2.5% to 10%, and the in-hospital mortality rate is greater than 50%.
Current research suggests that there are many risk factors for this disease, including systemic hypotension, low cardiac output, sepsis, and respiratory distress, but ultimately it will manifest as liver cell dysfunction, namely liver failure.
Hypotension is the main reason for its high mortality rate, and the key to treatment is to correct the hemodynamic disorder.
This article provides a review of the research progress on the etiology, mechanism, clinical manifestations, and other aspects of ischemic hepatitis.
The burn department of Beijing Jishuitan Hospital has gone through a glorious 60-year history, just like the Chinese burn surgery. Over the past 60 years, our department has gone from nothing to something, from weak to strong, constantly innovating. With the efforts of several generations, we have achieved extraordinary achievements one after another.
This article focuses on five aspects, including the treatment of critically burned patients, wound repair, treatment of electrical burns, skin grafting, and emergency rescue of sudden event patients, and highlights the contributions made by the author's department to burn medicine.
The 21st century is an era of globalized information, technology, knowledge application, and innovative development.
The focus of education is not only to impart knowledge, but also to extend the application and innovation of interdisciplinary and international knowledge.
Education needs to guide students to expand the depth and breadth of their learning, and further connect with the international community.
In 2017, the Executive Yuan also proposed a white paper on vocational education, which clearly stated that education personnel must have innovative thinking and practical skills, as well as cross-disciplinary integration capabilities.
Teaching creative thinking requires applying knowledge delivery methods that appeal to the learning preferences of Generation Z young people, and guiding students to extend the knowledge they have learned.
The competitiveness of education is also an indicator of national competitiveness. One way to enhance competitiveness is to start by understanding the experiences of others.
This column invites nursing teachers in Taiwan to share their experiences in creative teaching and international competitions, hoping to inspire readers to have different innovative thinking.
The standard for successful implantation in the anterior region is not only to ensure a high implant survival rate, but also to provide a lasting and stable aesthetic effect.
Although immediate implantation of anterior teeth can achieve similar implant survival rates as delayed implantation of anterior teeth and significantly shorten treatment time, immediate implantation of anterior teeth can also lead to aesthetic complications such as gingival recession, loss of gingival papilla, and exposure of the implant platform.
Therefore, how to effectively prevent or treat aesthetic complications of immediate implantation in the anterior teeth is an urgent problem to be solved in immediate implantation in the anterior teeth.
This article mainly discusses and explores the clinical manifestations, possible causes, and coping strategies for aesthetic complications of immediate implantation in the anterior teeth.
Method: 51 patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) who were admitted to the Department of Thoracic Surgery, Xiangya Second Hospital of Central South University, and 55 healthy individuals who underwent physical examinations were selected as the research subjects for serum samples.
Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) was used to determine the expression level of miRNA-183 in serum samples. The χ2 test and correlation analysis were used to detect the association between serum miRNA-183 levels and clinical and pathological indicators of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was used to evaluate the diagnostic efficiency of miRNA-183 and its combination with carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) for ESCC.
Result: 1) The relative expression levels of MiR-183 in healthy individuals and ESCC patients were (2.03±0.96) and (4.47±1.54), respectively, and the difference between the two groups was statistically significant (t=9.700, P<0.01).
The relative expression level of miR-183 in the serum of ESCC patients has statistically significant differences among different tumor malignancy stages (χ2=4.049; P<0.01); there is no statistical significance in differences among different genders, ages, smoking status, alcohol consumption, tumor location, tumor diameter, lymph node metastasis, infiltration depth, and differentiation degree (all P>0.05); the relative expression level of miR-183 is not related to serum CEA expression (P>0.05).
3) Using ROC curve analysis, the optimal cutoff value for diagnosing ESCC was determined to be a relative expression level of miR-183 at 4.502. The sensitivity was 78.9%, specificity was 76.2%, and the area under the ROC curve (AUC) was 0.762 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.830 to 0.922.
The combined detection of serum miR-183 and CEA is used to diagnose ESCC, with a sensitivity of 82.3%, specificity of 92.6%, AUC of 0.877, and 95% confidence interval of 0.814 to 0.935.
Conclusion: The serum miRNA-183 level is upregulated in patients with ESCC, and combined detection of serum miRNA-183 and CEA can improve the diagnostic efficiency of ESCC.
The level of serum miRNA-183 is related to the TNM staging of tumors, which helps to judge the progression of the disease and predict the efficacy of treatment.
Purpose: To explore the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) features of primary intracranial lymphoma, and to improve the diagnosis and differential diagnosis ability of this disease.
Method: Retrospective analysis of clinical data and MRI manifestations of 14 cases of primary intracranial lymphoma confirmed by postoperative pathology.
Result: Among the 14 patients, there were 5 males and 9 females, with an age of (55±8) years; 9 cases were single and 5 cases were multiple (with 2-6 lesions), with a total of 26 lesions.
The lesions are all located above the tentorium, including the cerebral hemisphere, basal ganglia, corpus callosum, etc., with most of them located deep in the brain tissue.
T1-weighted imaging (T1WI) of the lesion shows mostly equal or slightly lower signal, T2-weighted imaging (T2WI) shows mostly equal or slightly higher signal, and diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) shows mostly high or slightly high signal.
All lesions showed obvious enhancement, with 23 lesions showing nodular enhancement and 3 lesions showing ring enhancement.
The severity of edema formed around the lesion varies, with 20 being severe, 4 being moderate, and 2 being mild.
Method: Report on one case of pathologically confirmed ectopic chromaffin cell tumor with multiple lymph node and lung metastases.
Result: The patient has typical symptoms of hypertension, with significantly elevated levels of blood catecholamines and urinary vanillylmandelic acid.
Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital established a burn treatment specialty group in 1960, and is one of the earlier hospitals in China to establish a burn department.
Over the past 58 years, the Burn Surgery Department of Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital has treated more than 20,000 burn patients, with an overall success rate of 98.58%, ranking among the top in China and abroad.
Under the leadership of Professor Chen Huade, Professor Lai Wen, and other discipline leaders, and through the unremitting efforts of all colleagues, our department has developed from a simple burn treatment professional group to become a clinical key specialty in Guangdong Province, a model unit for level 100 laminar burn wards, the second and third professional committee chairman units of the Burn Branch of the Guangdong Medical Association, a national drug clinical trial base, and providing high-quality burn treatment services for the people of South China.
The "2018 Annual Conference of the Chinese Medical Association Burn Physician Branch" sponsored by the Burn Physician Branch of the Chinese Medical Association was successfully held in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province from November 16th to 18th, 2018. More than 300 burn physicians attended the conference.
The conference closely combines with the practical clinical needs, mainly featuring academician lectures, special reports, thematic discussions, and discussions on difficult and complex cases.
In response to the current development status and challenges faced by the burn specialty in China, as well as the current status and issues in the training of burn specialists, relevant experts were specially invited to give special reports and hold discussions.
During the conference, the Chinese Medical Association Burn Physician Branch held an election for the fourth committee, and Professor Peng Yizhi was elected as the chairman.
Hilar cholangiocarcinoma is one of the most difficult malignant tumors to treat in hepatobiliary surgery.
In Japan, the 5-year survival rate of the disease has increased from 32.5% to 67.1% over the past 30 years.
This article provides a brief introduction to the historical development, current situation, and remaining issues of the diagnosis and treatment system.
Objective: To explore the effects of microRNA-21 on cigarette smoke extract (CSE)-induced macrophage autophagy, proliferation, and apoptosis.
Method: The experiment was divided into a control group, a CSE intervention macrophage group (CSE group), and a miR-21 inhibitor + CSE intervention macrophage group (miR-21 inhibitor + CSE group).
Real-time PCR was used to detect the expression levels of miR-21 in three groups of macrophages, and Western blotting, MTT assay, and flow cytometry were used to detect the effects of miR-21 inhibitor on macrophage autophagy, proliferation, and apoptosis.
Result: Compared with the control group, the expression of miR-21 and the level of autophagy in the CSE group increased significantly with statistical significance (both P<0.05).
The expression level of miR-21 in the MiR-21 inhibitor + CSE group was significantly lower than that in the CSE group (P<0.05).
Conclusion: CSE can increase macrophage autophagy and apoptosis, and decrease proliferation by affecting the expression of miR-21 and autophagy levels in macrophages.
Method: A retrospective review was conducted on 130 patients with pathologically confirmed brain gliomas from 2012 to 2017. A total of 41 radiological features were extracted based on the two-dimensional images of magnetic resonance enhanced T1-weighted images.
Build an artificial neural network and perform feature selection to obtain an optimized neural network model. Randomly select half of the imaging feature data from the cases to train the neural network, and use the other half of the feature data to validate the glioma grading effect of the trained neural network.
Train and validate the neural network 100 times and average the results.
Result: After feature selection, the neural network model selected a total of 5 features as input features. The average accuracy of the neural network for grading brain gliomas was 90.32%, the average sensitivity was 87.86%, the average specificity was 92.49%, and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.9486.
Conclusion: Artificial neural networks, as a type of artificial intelligence method, have high accuracy in grading gliomas and provide a feasible auxiliary tool for non-invasive preoperative grading of gliomas.
Objective: To study the prognostic factors of drug-induced liver failure (DILF) patients and construct a logistic regression model (LRM) for them.
Method: A retrospective analysis was conducted on the clinical data of 183 DILF patients admitted to the infectious disease departments of Xiangya Hospital, Xiangya Second Hospital, and Xiangya Third Hospital of Central South University from January 2009 to January 2018. Based on their prognosis, the patients were divided into a group with improved conditions (n=67) and a group with no improvement (n=116).
Use univariate analysis to screen potential prognostic factors such as age, Tbil, SCr, PT, and comorbidities. Based on the results of univariate analysis, further use multivariate analysis to select independent prognostic factors and construct an LRM model.
Compare the LRM model with the Model for End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) model, evaluate the predictive value of the LRM model and the MELD model using the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC), compare the superiority and inferiority of the AUC and total accuracy parameters between the two models, and validate using independent samples.
Result: Single-factor analysis suggests that there are statistically significant differences (all P<0.05) in indicators such as age, clinical classification, hepatic encephalopathy, hepatorenal syndrome, WBC count, AST/ALT ratio, Tbil, SCr, PT, and alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) between the two groups.
Multivariate analysis suggests that AFP, PT, AST/ALT ratio, hepatic encephalopathy, and hepatorenal syndrome are independent prognostic factors for DILF patients and can be used to construct an LRM model.
The AUC values for LRM model and MELD model were 0.917 (95% CI: 0.876-0.959) and 0.709 (95% CI: 0.633-0.786), respectively, with overall accuracy rates of 86.7% and 68.3%. The difference was statistically significant (P<0.05).
Conclusion: AFP, PT, AST/ALT ratio, hepatic encephalopathy, and hepatorenal syndrome are independent prognostic factors for DILF patients; the LRM model can predict the short-term prognosis of DILF patients more accurately, and its application value is superior to the MELD model.
This article discusses the three major concepts of oral health care for long-term care cases: the correlation between oral health and overall health, oral care and swallowing difficulties, and oral health and hydration. It proposes oral health care strategies for long-term care institutions, with the aim of raising awareness of oral health among long-term care partners and implementing oral health care for long-term care cases.
There are significant clinical phenotype differences in genetic metabolic liver diseases, and although the incidence of each disease is not high, due to the wide range of diseases, the overall affected population is not uncommon, and clinical attention should be paid.
This type of disease is clinically rare, relatively poorly understood, and the problem of clinical misdiagnosis is prominent. Based on the problems encountered in clinical practice, this article discusses the clinical genetic diagnosis of inherited metabolic liver diseases.
Currently, more than 300,000 people worldwide have received cochlear implants. With the relaxation of implantation criteria, how to preserve the residual hearing and the original microstructure and function of the inner ear before and after implantation, and how to safely and effectively use drugs to reduce postoperative inflammatory reactions and fibrosis, preserve residual hearing, and reduce apoptosis of hair cells and spiral ganglion cells have become hot research topics in this field.
This article categorizes local inner ear drug delivery methods into four types: direct drug delivery into the middle ear, sustained-release carrier drug delivery into the middle ear, drug delivery into the cochlea, and modification of the electrode implanted in the artificial cochlea. A comprehensive review is provided on the research results and cutting-edge developments of each type.
SIRT7 is a member of the mammalian Sirtuins family, located in the nucleolus, and is a highly specific deacetylase for H3K18Ac (acetylated lysine 18 residue of histone H3).
Recent studies have found that SIRT7 can participate in regulating physiological processes such as ribosomal RNA transcription, cellular metabolism, cellular stress, and DNA damage repair through multiple pathways.
In addition, SIRT7 is closely related to aging, heart disease, and fatty liver.
Especially, SIRT7 plays an important regulatory role in the occurrence and development of various tumors such as liver cancer, gastric cancer, breast cancer, bladder cancer, colorectal cancer, pancreatic cancer, and head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
The article summarizes the cellular and molecular biology functions of SIRT7, and systematically summarizes its research status in human diseases.
The ORF4 protein encoded by porcine circovirus type 2 is a newly discovered protein in recent years.
This study first constructed a eukaryotic expression vector with dual tags, pCMV-N-Flag-GST, and then inserted the ORF4 gene into the vector to form pCMV-N-Flag-GST-ORF4.
After transfecting the plasmid into 293T cells to express ORF4, a protein library potentially interacting with ORF4 in the cells was captured through GST pull-down assay.
After separation and silver staining by SDS-PAGE, the specific bands were identified by mass spectrometry, and 5 proteins potentially interacting with ORF4 were screened, including serine/threonine protein phosphatase 6 catalytic subunit, alpha cardiac muscle protein, beta-actin, SEC-14-like protein 5, and myosin 9.
The above research results provide new ideas and directions for further revealing the role of ORF4 in the process of virus-infected cells.
Poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-lactate), P(3HB-co-LA), belongs to the family of polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHA), which is a natural high molecular weight biopolymer material with good biocompatibility and degradability.
The article successfully achieved one-step synthesis of P(3HB-co-LA) using glucose by introducing heterologous enzymes such as β-ketothiolase and acetoacetyl-CoA reductase from Ralstonia eutropha, acyl-CoA transferase variant from Clostridium propionicum, and PHA synthase variant from Pseudomonas fluorescens strain 2P24 into Escherichia coli. The molar percentage of lactate component reached 1.6%, and the polymer content was 83.9 wt%.
On this basis, the gene encoding the flavin mononucleotide transferase (ubiX) required for the synthesis of coenzyme Q8 was knocked out to weaken the respiratory chain level, thereby enhancing lactate accumulation. Furthermore, the lactate dehydrogenase gene (dld) was further deleted to reduce the conversion of lactate to pyruvate in the late stage of fermentation, ultimately increasing the molar percentage of lactate component in P(3HB-co-LA) to 14.1% and the polymer content to 81.7 wt%.
The above experimental results indicate that the use of a weakened respiratory chain level strategy can effectively increase the molar percentage of lactate components in polymers, providing a new approach to changing the monomer composition content in biosynthetic polymers.
Transfer RNA (tRNA) is one of the important components involved in the process of protein synthesis. In order to explore the impact of changes in the abundance of rare tRNAs corresponding to rare codons on the expression level of exogenous genes, the study constructed a co-expression system of rare tRNA genes from Saccharomyces cerevisiae and exogenous genes.
Firstly, a stop codon region composed of four consecutive proline rare codons CCG was added to the GFP gene, and the results showed a significant decrease in the expression level of the GFP gene.
Then, the GFP gene with a stop codon region and the tRNAProCCG gene were sequentially connected to the pPIC9K vector and co-expressed in Pichia pastoris GS115, resulting in a 4.9% increase in GFP expression. Additionally, the GFP gene with a stop codon region and the tRNAProCCG gene were separately connected to the pPIC9K and pFLDα vectors and co-expressed in Pichia pastoris GS115, resulting in the highest increase in GFP expression of 12.5%. The same method was applied to co-express the tRNAProCCG gene with the NFATc3T-GFP fusion gene, resulting in a 21.3% increase in expression.
It can be seen that tRNAProCCG is a rare tRNA in Pichia pastoris GS115. Co-expression of the tRNAProCCG gene can significantly increase the expression level of exogenous genes with consecutive codons, and the co-expression system constructed in this study will also be applicable for screening and validation of other rare tRNA genes.
Defensins are a type of endogenous cationic antimicrobial peptide rich in arginine and cysteine, and are important immune factors for mollusks to resist various pathogenic microorganisms.
The 43 amino acid residues at the carboxy-terminal end of Pacific oyster defensin (Crassostrea gigas defensin, CgD) constitute its mature peptide region, which determines the biological activity of CgD.
The antibacterial test results showed that the supernatants containing recombinant protein CgDH⁺ and recombinant protein CgDH⁻ respectively had antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa, indicating that the presence or absence of the 6×His tag in the recombinant protein did not affect its biological activity.
Thyroid tumors are currently the most common disease, and thyroid surgery is increasing.
Nowadays, day surgery has become a new trend in surgery. So, is day surgery suitable for thyroid surgery? This article analyzes its safety through discussions on hospitals, doctors, surgery, patients, and other aspects.
In the preliminary work, it was found that the truncated rotavirus VP4* protein (aa 26-476) can be expressed in a soluble form in E. coli, and it has high immunogenicity and immune protection in a mouse model.
This study further enhances the immune protective effect of VP4* protein through granulation.
In summary, the study of VP4* oligomers provides a broader perspective for the development of subunit vaccines for rotaviruses.
To explore the effect of 27nt-miRNA on the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into vascular smooth muscle cells, expression plasmids of 27nt-miRNA overexpression, antisense sequence Anti-27nt-miRNA, and negative control were constructed. After packaging with lentivirus, they were transfected into human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells (hUCMSC), and induced with type IV collagen to differentiate hUCMSC into vascular smooth muscle cells.
After testing, the overexpression of 27nt-miRNA in the differentiated group compared to the negative control group resulted in a 20.48% decrease in cell viability (P<0.05), and a significant increase in the expression of SMA mRNA, SM22α mRNA, and their protein levels (P<0.05). However, in the Anti-27nt-miRNA differentiation group, cell viability increased by 18.07% (P<0.05), and the expression of SMA mRNA, SM22α mRNA, and their protein levels decreased (P<0.05).
In summary, 27nt-miRNA can promote the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into vascular smooth muscle cells and inhibit the activity of differentiated cells.
