In 2011, an international multidisciplinary study on lung adenocarcinoma was published by the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer (IASLC), the American Thoracic Society (ATS) and the European Respiratory Society (ERS). Consensus opinion on classification, first proposed classification methods applicable to surgical resection specimens, small biopsy and cytology respectively, no longer used the name of bronchioloalveolar carcinoma, added the nomenclature of adenocarcinoma in situ and minimally invasive adenocarcinoma, invasive glandular carcinoma Carcinoma advocates a comprehensive and detailed histological diagnosis model, etc.
With the deepening of clinical application, pathologists and clinicians still have some confusion in some aspects of the understanding and application of the new classification.
This article interprets the new international multidisciplinary classification standard of lung adenocarcinoma and analyzes and discusses the problems that should be paid attention to in clinical practice.
A 6-year-old child with cerebral palsy was treated with traditional Chinese medicine scalp acupuncture.
Acupuncture was performed once a week on language I area, language II area, motor area, foot motor and sensory area, and balance area, and then every other week for a total of 15 treatments.
After each scalp acupuncture treatment, the patient's dysarthria, movement disorders, and weakness in the legs, arms, and hands improved significantly, and after 15 sessions, the patient made a full recovery.
This case proves that TCM scalp acupuncture can achieve satisfactory results in the treatment of children with cerebral palsy.
Further research and clinical trials are still needed to fully develop and utilize the potential value of scalp acupuncture in the treatment of cerebral palsy.
However, little is known about the use, efficacy, and safety of this therapy in the treatment of cutaneous lymphoma.
Case report: Two patients with primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma (pT2bcNxM0 follicular center and pT2acNxM0 marginal region) withdrew or postponed recommended conventional therapy and received high-dose, febrile mistletoe therapy; A combination of subcutaneous and intravenous injections was administered, and one patient also received whole-body hyperthermia.
Lymphoma regressed in these two patients after 12 and 8 months, respectively, after receiving cumulative doses of 12.98 g and 4.63 g of mistletoe extract, respectively.
To date, 3.5 years after starting treatment, the patient is in remission.
Neither patient received conventional cancer treatment throughout the observation period.
Anthroposophic medicine is a comprehensive multimodal therapeutic system based on a holistic understanding of humans and nature, as well as disease and treatment.
It is based on the concept of four-layer composition and the three-fold human body constitution model.
In large hospitals as well as in actual medical practice, anthroposophic medicine is used in conjunction with traditional medicine.
It uses medicines derived from plants, minerals and animals; art therapy, psychotherapy and rhythmic massage; counselling, psychotherapy and specialty care techniques such as topical liniments.
Anthroposophic healthcare is provided by doctors, therapists and nurses.
A health technology assessment report and its most recent update document cite 265 clinical studies on the utility and effectiveness of anthropogenic medicine.
Its findings were interpreted as overwhelmingly positive for the therapy.
These studies, as well as various other specific safety studies, did not find a significant risk but suggested that it was well tolerated.
Economic analysis also found it to have a favorable cost composition.
Human Intelligence Healthcare has achieved high levels of satisfaction in patient reports.
Nutritional therapy is recommended for people with type 2 diabetes as part of their lifestyle care.
However, most diabetic patients do not follow this therapy guideline.
Changing eating habits involves gaining knowledge and mastering practical skills such as shopping, cooking and food storage.
Just as fitness trainers use their specific fitness knowledge to enhance the effectiveness of their teachings, certified chefs trained as health coaches may combine culinary knowledge with coaching to improve their clients' food choices and lifestyles.
This report documents the case of a 55-year-old single, solitary white male physician with recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes, chronic stress, sedentary behavior, and poor eating habits.
Patients participated in an 8-week chef-coach program in which chefs trained as health coaches delivered one-on-one, 30-minute coaching sessions via Skype.
During the first five sessions, the patient's goals were primarily culinary skills; however, after successfully achieving these goals, the patient further expanded her goals to other areas of life, particularly exercise and work-life balance.
By the end of the program, patients had improved nutrition and exercise habits, increased confidence to further improve self-care, and improved health parameters such as HbA1c (from 8.8% to 6.7%; normal was <6.5%).
We concluded that chef coaching has the potential to help diabetics improve their practical cooking skills and improve their diet through practical application, and moreover, has the potential to help them improve self-care in general.
We intend to further develop Chef Coach and evaluate its application potential based on the results of its implementation.
Heart rate variability (HRC) (variation in the time interval between adjacent heartbeats) is an emergent property of interdependent regulatory systems that occur over time in response to environmental and psychological challenges.
This article provides a brief review of the neuromodulation of the heart, providing some new insights into the very low-frequency rhythm mechanisms underlying heart rate variability.
Interpreting HRV rhythms in the context of discussions of health risks and assessment of physical and psychological self-regulation capacity.
Spinal and medullary cardiovascular regulatory centers with integrated input from higher brain centers with input from the cardiovascular system, regulating heart rate and blood pressure via sympathetic and parasympathetic efferent pathways.
We also discuss the innate cardiac nervous system and the heart-brain connection pathway, through which afferent information can affect activity in the subcortical, precortical, and motor cortices.
Additionally, the use of real-time HRV feedback to improve self-regulation was examined.
We conclude that cardiac rhythms are characterized by both complexity and stability over longer time periods, reflecting the physiological and psychological functional status of these internal self-regulatory systems.
The relationship between Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) and asthma, while well established in adults, is less clear in the pediatric age group.
The benefits of proton pump therapy are limited at all ages.
Despite the growing literature on the use of complementary treatments for both asthma and GERD, few studies have focused on the benefits of treatment for the GERD-asthma relationship.
We present the case of a 2-year-old boy with asthma and GERD who was unresponsive to inhaled low-dose corticosteroids, beta mimic therapy, and a 6-week course of proton pump inhibitors.
We noticed that when he was given an oral formulation of Jianwei powder combined with belladonna powder (an anthroposophical drug containing chamomile, belladonna, bismuth, and antimonite), the symptoms gradually disappeared.
Chamomile and bismuth are known to have gastroprotective properties, and belladonna contains anticholinergics with bronchodilating effects.
These complementary medicines seem to hold promise for relieving symptoms of GERD-related asthma.
Derived from folk dance traditions, the circle dance is now popular all over the world.
This article explores what it means for participants.
In-depth interviews were conducted with 39 trainees from the UK circle dance community, teachers and organizers of an online teacher training programme.
Using the method of constructing basic theory, several categories of circle dance students, teachers and organizers were established.
This article focuses on the first category, called "I Can't Imagine Life Without It," and involves the experiences of 22 dancers.
From a leisure perspective, the research reveals how participants generate a sense of meaning and fulfillment from participating in circle dancing, as well as the potential role of this leisure activity on people's well-being.
Building a robust health infrastructure in every country is the most effective long-term preparedness strategy for global health emergencies.
This includes not only health systems and their human resources, but also countries' legal infrastructure for health: laws and policies that empower, obligate and sometimes limit government and private activity.
Law is also an important tool for promoting hygiene and health protection.
From policy formulation and implementation to scientific evaluation of the law's impact on health—public health professionals play an important role in health law.
Member States must communicate their national health laws and regulations to WHO.
In this paper, we recommend that WHO, with its authority and credibility, support capacity building in the field of health law in member countries and make national laws more accessible, understandable, monitored and evaluated.
We believe that there should be strong advocacy for donors to fund public health law centers or departments that are adequately staffed, robustly networked with peers in the region and integrated into the main work of WHO.
The tasks of these departments or centers will be to identify and integrate scientific and legal expertise (both technical and procedural) in public health law across WHO's sphere of work, and to develop and facilitate global health policy oversight.
Methods: A TMA amplification system was established using TaqMan probes, specific primers, mouse leukemia reverse transcriptase, T7-RNA polymerase and PCR substrates.
The sensitivity of the TMA system was evaluated by amplifying a set of 10-fold serially diluted HIV RNA transcript standards.
The plasma of 60 HIV-infected patients was collected, and TMA reagent and Cobas Amplicor HIV-1 Monitor version 1.5 reagent were used for detection at the same time. Relevance and consistency.
Results: The TMA amplification system was successfully established. This technology can detect HIV transcription standards as low as 10 copies/mL.
Linear regression analysis was performed on 46 plasma samples with quantitative results from both TMA and Cobas tests. The two techniques had a very good correlation (r=0.997, P<0.001).
Bland-Altman analysis showed that the average difference in quantitative Lg between the two detection methods was 0.02, and 44 (95.7%) samples were within the 95% agreement limit.
Conclusions: The TMA technique has the potential for high sensitivity.
There is a very good correlation and consistency between TMA and real-time RT-PCR in detecting HIV RNA in plasma.
Objective: To investigate the effect of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) on the expression of high mobility group box-1 protein (HMGB1) in mouse peritoneal macrophages induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its possible mechanism.
METHODS: Mouse peritoneal macrophages were extracted and cultured by conventional methods; mouse peritoneal macrophages were induced by LPS to construct an inflammation model; PGE2 and prostaglandin E receptor (prostaglandin E receptor, EP) Phage cell EP4 receptor expression, suppressive expression DN.CREB plasmid treated LPS-induced mouse peritoneal macrophages, and the expression level of HMGB1 was determined by Western blotting.
Objective To compare the clinical efficacy of lipoic acid combined with epalrestat and lipoic acid in the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN).
Methods The clinical trial data of lipoic acid combined with epalrestat in the treatment of DPN compared with lipoic acid in the treatment of DPN in CNKI, CBM, VIP, Wanfang, PubMed and other databases before February 2016 were collected, and the quality of the articles was evaluated by the Cochrane system and Jadad score. RevMan5 .3 The software conducts Meta-analysis on the overall effect of multiple research results.
Results A total of 9 studies were included.
The results of Meta analysis showed that the effective rate of lipoic acid was significantly lower than that of lipoic acid combined with epalrestat [RR=0.58, 95% CI (0.47,0.71), P<0.00001], median motor nerve conduction velocity [WMD=-4.94,95 % CI(-7.41,-2.46), P<0.0001], common peroneal motor nerve conduction velocity [WMD=-5.08, 95% CI(-7.68,-2.49), P=0.0001], median sensory nerve conduction velocity [WMD =-4.24, 95% CI(-6.20,-2.29), P<0.0001] and common peroneal sensory nerve conduction velocity [WMD=-3.66, 95% CI(-5.02,-2.31), P<0.00001] were also significantly lower in combination medication.
Sensitivity analysis showed robust results.
However, the included studies have problems such as simple design and reporting, few subjective indicators, and short follow-up time.
Conclusion Lipoic acid combined with epalrestat can improve the marked efficiency and increase the motor nerve conduction velocity and sensory nerve conduction velocity of the median or common peroneal nerve.
In order to enrich the resource bank of endophytic fungi in taxol-producing plants, a taxol-producing endophytic fungus TMS-26 was isolated from the stem of Taxus media.
Through high performance liquid chromatography analysis of the fermented extract of TMS-26, it was found that it had a chromatographic characteristic peak similar to that of paclitaxel standard (4.545 min).
Further detection by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry found that the fermentation extract of the endophytic fungus TMS-26 had a mass spectrum characteristic peak similar to that of the paclitaxel standard ((M+Na)+=876), indicating that the endophytic fungus TMS-26 could Produce paclitaxel.
Millions of people, especially in low- and middle-income countries, do not have access to adequate and effective medicines, often because they cannot afford them.
The 2001 World Trade Organization (WTO) Ministerial Conference adopted the Doha Declaration on the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) and public health.
The manifesto examines the impact of intellectual property rights on the development of new medicines and the price of medicines.
The declaration outlines the measures WTO members are taking to ensure access to medicines for all, known as TRIPS flexibilities.
These measures include compulsory licensing of pharmaceutical patents and measures to divert medicines from least developed countries.
The aim of this study was to document the use of TRIPS flexibilities to access lower-priced generic medicines between 2001 and 2016.
A total of 176 cases of possible use of TRIPS flexibilities were identified in 89 countries: 100 (56.8%) involved compulsory licenses or public non-commercial use licenses, 40 (22.7%) cited LDCs’ measures for the movement of medicines .
The remaining cases were: 1 case of parallel importation; 3 cases of research anomalies; and 32 cases of non-patent related measures.
Out of 176 cases, 152 (86.4%) were enforced.
They cover medicines that treat 14 different diseases.
However, 137 (77.8%) cases involved medicinal products used for human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or related diseases.
We find that TRIPS flexibilities are used more frequently than commonly assumed.
Given the problems countries face today in accessing high-priced patented medicines, the practical legal access to low-cost generic medicines offered in the TRIPS flexibilities has become increasingly important.
Zearalenone (Zearalenone, ZEN) and its derivatives are a class of non-steroidal estrogenic mycotoxins mainly produced by fungi of the genus Fusarium, which are widely found in corn, barley, wheat, sorghum and other grain feeds and their by-products It seriously endangers the health of livestock and humans, and there is an urgent need for related technologies to detoxify ZEN.
IFN-λ1 is a member of the type III interferon family and has similar functions to type I interferon.
Previously, we had expressed soluble recombinant human interferon-λ1 from Pichia pastoris.
However, hyperglycosylation in Pichia pastoris expression brings immunogenicity and affects protein production and purification efficiency.
In order to overcome this shortcoming, an interferon mutant (rhIFN-λ1-Nm) was constructed in this paper, and potential glycosylation sites were mutated site-directedly.
The extracellular secretory expression of rhIFN-λ1-Nm in Pichia pastoris GS115 was successfully induced by methanol in the presence of AOX1 promoter and α-factor signal sequence.
We analyzed estrogen concentrations and gene expression of estrogen-regulating enzymes in breast subcutaneous adipose tissue of premenopausal women with estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer (n = 11) and non-breast cancer (n = 17).
Estrone (E1) is the main estrogen in premenopausal mammary adipose tissue, and the mRNA expression of E1 and CYP19A1 in adipose tissue is positively correlated with BMI.
Estradiol (E2) concentrations in adipose tissue fluctuate during the menstrual cycle, similar to serum concentrations.
E1 (1519 vs. 3244, p<.05) and E2 (404 vs. 889 pmol/kg, p<.05) levels in adipose tissue of women with breast cancer were lower in follicular phase than in luteal phase, but not in control women Significant differences.
During the follicular phase, mRNA expression of HSD17B1 (median 0.06; interquartile range 0.05-0.07 vs. 0.17; 0.03-0.2, p=.010) and CYP19A1 (0.08; 0.07 - 0.14 vs. 0.22; 0.09-0.54, p=.025) were lower in breast cancer patients than in controls.
In conclusion, during the menstrual cycle, changes in E1 and E2 concentrations in adipose tissue and changes in estrogen-regulated CYP19A1 and HSD17B1 may be related to local disturbances in estrogen metabolism in women with breast cancer.
The treatment of hepatitis C virus infection has a long way to go.
Direct antiviral drugs (DAAs) have made it possible to completely cure hepatitis C by targeting the replication process of hepatitis C virus, and at the same time, the treatment plan has become standardized and simple.
However, when choosing an antiviral regimen, specialists should still fully consider the relevant factors that affect the efficacy and safety of the drug.
In recent years, genetic engineering technology has developed rapidly, and many recombinant proteins have been expressed.
The use of plant bioreactors to express specific drug proteins provides a new way for the prevention and treatment of some important human diseases.
Plant chloroplast genetic transformation and expression system has become a research hotspot in plant bioreactors.
Many important medicinal proteins are successfully expressed in plant chloroplasts.
As a model plant for chloroplast transformation of higher plants, tobacco has made remarkable progress in the expression of vaccine antigens, antibodies and other pharmaceutical proteins and other important recombinant proteins.
Chloroplast genetic transformation of higher plants also provides new techniques and methods for the study of chloroplast gene expression and regulation mechanism.
In this paper, the new progress in the research on the chloroplast genetic transformation system of higher plants is reviewed from the perspectives of the principle of chloroplast genetic transformation, vector construction, expression of recombinant proteins and important drug proteins in chloroplasts, and the effect of recombinant protein expression on plant metabolism and traits. , in order to provide new ideas for the development of chloroplast expression platform and the expression of important medicinal proteins.
The development of bone repair materials with multiple biological activities, perfect adaptation between in vivo degradation and new bone formation, and the ability to completely reconstruct bone tissue under physiological conditions is the focus of future research.
Objective: To investigate the feasibility and curative effect of simple total caudate lobe resection for massive caudate lobe hepatocellular carcinoma (diameter ≥ 10 cm).
Methods: From January 2001 to December 2011, the clinical data of 27 patients with massive HCC who underwent total caudate lobe resection were retrospectively analyzed.
The overall survival rates at 1, 3, and 5 years after surgery were 80.2%, 52.1%, and 27.1%, respectively.
Conclusion: Simple total caudate lobe resection is safe and effective for massive caudate lobe hepatocellular carcinoma.
In June 2015, a child with Marfan syndrome with spider-like fingers and deformity contracture was admitted to our unit.
The child's left and right middle fingers and ring fingers were treated with continuous "Z" flap + "V-Y" plastic surgery to reduce the palmar skin stretch and release the contracture.
Due to inappropriate selection of the treatment plan and underestimation of the influence of the underlying lesions of Marfan syndrome on the surgical treatment, the right middle finger of the child suffered from ischemic necrosis and amputation after operation, and in the long-term complicated with fingertip swelling and paroxysmal neurogenic pain ; The rest of operations 3 refers to local flap necrosis, scar healing.
After discharge, the child developed severe complications such as distal interphalangeal joint stiffness.
Combined with this case, stage I surgery is not recommended for similar diseases.
Von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) syndrome is a rare autosomal dominant genetic disease. The pancreas is one of the abdominal organs that is easily involved, including pancreatic simple cysts, serous cystadenomas, and neuroendocrine tumors.
Pancreatic neuroendocrine neoplasms associated with VHL syndrome (VHL-pNEN) are mostly nonfunctional, but have a tendency to become malignant. Treatment measures include regular follow-up, surgical treatment, and drug therapy.
The malignancy of VHL-pNEN is lower than that of sporadic pNEN, and the prognosis is also better. Surgical treatment should be chosen carefully.
Indications for surgery include tumors with a maximum diameter ≥ 3 cm, tumor doubling time < 500 days, mutations in exon 3 of the VHL gene, suspected malignant manifestations in imaging examinations, and functional pNEN lesions.
Surgical methods should preserve the functional pancreatic parenchyma as much as possible.
Even for patients with malignant pNEN that cannot be cured, active medical treatment may still enable patients to achieve long-term survival.
The safety evaluation of nanomaterials used in food is an important basis for ensuring, supervising and maintaining the health of the population.
However, China has not yet established a national nanomaterial safety assessment procedure, nor has a specific assessment procedure for the toxicology and safety assessment of nanomaterials used in food, thus restricting food safety assurance and supervision.
Existing nanomaterial safety evaluation methods mainly rely on traditional toxicological evaluation methods, from high dose to low dose, from experimental animals to human extrapolation, these uncertainties restrict the accurate evaluation of the safety of nanomaterials, and also restrict Scientific and effective evaluation procedures and the formulation of regulatory measures have been established.
This article reviews the key issues that need to be solved urgently, including the general situation of nanomaterials for food, and related exposure assessment and assessment methods, with the intention of establishing a toxicity test for nanomaterials for food that is consistent with the vision and strategic goals of toxicity testing in the 21st century method.
In addition, this paper reviews the current management regulations, toxicity testing status and existing problems of nanomaterials for food in my country and some developed countries or organizations, in order to provide a scientific basis for the establishment of safety evaluation procedures for nanomaterials in food in the future.
Global integration has increased the risk of international spread of infectious diseases, and countries are under increasing pressure to prevent and control imported infectious diseases.
After assessing the risk of importation and local transmission, prevention of introduction and routine prevention and control before importation, and emergency control after importation are the main prevention and control ideas at present.
It has become an important prevention and control strategy to participate in the global unified action, assist the countries in the epidemic area, and actively eliminate the risk of importation.
The research on the estimation of death time has an extremely important position and significance in the field of forensic medicine, and it has always been one of the major problems to be solved in the practice of forensic pathology.
There are many defects in traditional methods and means, and the introduction of new methods is imperative.
With the emergence of various new technologies, the research on the estimation of death time has a trend from simple to complex, and the amount of data is also increasing.
This paper first summarizes the methods of past death time estimation, and finally looks forward to the application of artificial intelligence algorithms based on big data in forensic death time estimation research.
Ischemic hepatitis, also known as hypoxic hepatitis or shock liver, is liver cell damage manifested by acute, transient elevations in transaminase levels (higher than normal) in the absence of any known cause of acute hepatitis 20 times the value). The incidence of the disease is 2.5% to 10%, and the hospital fatality rate is greater than 50%.
Current studies believe that there are many risk factors for the disease, including systemic hypotension, low cardiac output, sepsis, and respiratory distress, but it will eventually manifest as liver cell dysfunction, that is, liver failure.
Hypotension is the main reason for its high mortality rate, and the key to treatment is to correct hemodynamic disorders.
This article reviews the research progress on the etiology, mechanism and clinical manifestations of ischemic hepatitis.
The Department of Burns of Beijing Jishuitan Hospital has gone through 60 years of glorious history just like Chinese burn surgery. Over the past 60 years, the author’s department has grown from scratch, from weak to strong, and constantly innovated. With the efforts of several generations, it has achieved one after another. Extraordinary performance.
This article focuses on the contribution of the author's department to burn medicine from five aspects: critical burn treatment, wound repair, electrical burn treatment, skin flap transplantation, and emergency patient rescue.
The 21st century is an era of globalized information, technology, knowledge application and innovative development.
The focus of education is not only imparting knowledge, but also the extension of cross-field and cross-international knowledge application and innovation.
Education needs to guide students to expand the depth and breadth of learning connotation, and further integrate with international standards.
The Executive Yuan also proposed a white paper on technical and vocational education in 2017, which clearly pointed out that educational talents must have innovative thinking and practice and cross-field integration capabilities.
In the teaching of creative thinking, it is even more important to transfer knowledge by using the learning methods favored by Generation Z young people, and guide students to extend the knowledge they have learned.
The competitiveness of education is also an indicator of national competitiveness. One of the ways to improve competitiveness can start with understanding the experience of others.
This column invites nursing teachers from Taiwan to share their experience in creative teaching and international competitions, hoping to arouse readers' different innovative thinking.
The criterion for successful implantation in the anterior region is not only to ensure a high implant survival rate, but also to provide a durable and stable aesthetic effect.
Although immediate implantation of anterior teeth can obtain similar implant survival rate as delayed implantation of anterior teeth and can significantly shorten the treatment time, immediate implantation of anterior teeth is also prone to aesthetic complications such as gingival recession, loss of gingival papilla, and implant platform exposure.
Therefore, how to effectively avoid or deal with the aesthetic complications of immediate anterior implants is an urgent problem to be solved in immediate anterior implants.
This article mainly elaborates and discusses the clinical manifestations, possible causes and countermeasures of immediate implant aesthetic complications in anterior teeth.
Methods: Serum samples from 51 patients with ESCC and 55 healthy persons who underwent physical examination were selected as the research objects.
Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction, RT-qPCR) was used to measure the expression level of miRNA-183 in serum samples; χ2 test and correlation analysis were used to detect the relationship between serum miRNA-183 level and ESCC clinical and pathological indicators. Association; Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used to analyze the diagnostic efficiency of miRNA-183 and its combined carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) on ESCC.
Results: 1) The relative expression of MiR-183 in healthy subjects and ESCC patients was (2.03±0.96) and (4.47±1.54), and the difference was statistically significant (t=9.700, P<0.01) .
2) The relative expression of serum miR-183 in patients with ESCC had statistically significant differences in different stages of tumor malignancy (χ2=4.049; P<0.01); There were no significant differences in location, tumor diameter, lymph node metastasis, infiltration depth, and degree of differentiation (all P>0.05); the relative expression of miR-183 had nothing to do with serum CEA expression (P>0.05).
3) Using the ROC curve analysis, the relative expression level of miR-183 was 4.502 as the optimal cut-off value for the diagnosis of ESCC, the sensitivity was 78.9%, the specificity was 76.2%, and the area under the ROC curve (area under the curve, AUC) was 0.762, The 95% confidence interval is 0.830~0.922.
Combined detection of serum miR-183 and CEA in the diagnosis of ESCC had a sensitivity of 82.3%, a specificity of 92.6%, an AUC of 0.877, and a 95% confidence interval of 0.814-0.935.
Conclusion: The level of serum miRNA-183 is up-regulated in patients with ESCC, and the combined determination of serum miRNA-183 and CEA can improve the diagnostic efficiency of ESCC.
Serum miRNA-183 level is related to tumor TNM staging, which is helpful for judging tumor progression and predicting curative effect.
Objective: To investigate the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) features of primary intracerebral lymphoma, and to improve the ability of diagnosis and differential diagnosis of the disease.
Methods: The clinical data and MRI findings of 14 cases of primary intracerebral lymphoma confirmed by postoperative pathology were retrospectively analyzed.
Results: Among the 14 patients, there were 5 males and 9 females, aged (55±8) years old; 9 cases were solitary, 5 cases were multiple (2-6 lesions), a total of 26 lesions.
The lesions were all located supratentorially, including the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and corpus callosum, and most of them were located deep in the brain tissue.
The T1-weighted image (T1WI) of the lesion usually shows equal or slightly low signal, the T2-weighted image (T2WI) mostly shows equal or slightly high signal, and the diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) Mostly high or slightly high signal.
All lesions showed obvious enhancement, including 23 lesions with mass enhancement and 3 lesions with ring enhancement.
The severity of the edema formed around the lesion varied, 20 of which were severe, 4 were moderate, and 2 were mild.
Methods: The data of a patient with pathologically confirmed ectopic pheochromocytoma with multiple lymph nodes and lung metastases were reported.
Results: The patients had typical symptoms of elevated blood pressure, and the values of blood catecholamines and urinary vanillylmandelic acid were significantly elevated.
Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital established a burn treatment professional group in 1960, which is one of the earliest hospitals in my country to establish a burn department.
Over the past 58 years, the Burn Surgery Department of Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital has treated more than 20,000 burn patients, with an overall success rate of 98.58%, ranking among the best at home and abroad.
In the past 58 years, under the leadership of Professor Chen Huade, Professor Lai Wen and other academic leaders, through the unremitting efforts of all colleagues, the author's department has developed from a simple professional group of burn treatment to a key clinical specialty in Guangdong Province and a model of a hundred-level laminar flow burn ward unit, the director unit of the second and third professional committees of the Guangdong Provincial Medical Association Burn Branch, the national drug clinical trial base, and provides high-quality burn treatment services for the people in South China.
The "2018 Annual Meeting of the Burn Physician Branch of the Chinese Medical Doctor Association" hosted by the Burn Physician Branch of the Chinese Medical Doctor Association was successfully held in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province from November 16 to 18, 2018. More than 300 representatives of burn physicians attended the meeting meeting.
The meeting is closely combined with the actual clinical needs, and mainly focuses on academician lectures, special reports, special discussions and discussions on difficult and complicated cases.
In view of the development status and challenges of burn specialists in my country, the current status and problems of burn specialist training, relevant experts were specially invited to give special reports and discussions.
During the meeting, the General Election Meeting of the Burn Physician Branch of the Chinese Medical Doctor Association was held, and the fourth committee was elected, and Professor Peng Yizhi was elected as the chairman.
Hilar cholangiocarcinoma is one of the most difficult malignant tumors in biliary surgery.
In Japan, the 5-year survival rate of the disease has increased from 32.5% to 67.1% over the past 30 years.
This paper briefly introduces the history, current situation and remaining problems of the diagnosis and treatment system.
Objective: To investigate the effect of microRNA (micro RNA, miR)-21 on the autophagy, proliferation and apoptosis of macrophages induced by cigarette smoke extract (CSE).
Methods: The experiment was divided into control group, CSE intervention macrophage group (CSE group), miR-21 inhibitor + CSE intervention macrophage group (miR-21 inhibitor + CSE group).
Real-time polymerase chain reaction (real-time PCR) was used to detect the expression levels of miR-21 in the macrophages of the three groups, and Western blot, MTT assay and flow cytometry were used to detect the effects of miR-21 inhibitors on macrophage autophagy, proliferation and apoptosis. impact of death.
Results: Compared with the control group, the expression of miR-21 and the level of autophagy in the CSE group increased, and the differences were statistically significant (both P<0.05).
The expression of miR-21 in the MiR-21 inhibitor+CSE group was significantly lower than that in the CSE group (P<0.05).
Conclusion: CSE can increase the autophagy and apoptosis and reduce the proliferation of macrophages by affecting the expression of miR-21 and the level of autophagy in macrophages.
Methods: A total of 130 pathologically confirmed glioma patients from 2012 to 2017 were retrospectively included, and a total of 41 imaging features were extracted based on magnetic resonance-enhanced T1-weighted two-dimensional images.
Establish an artificial neural network and perform feature selection to obtain an optimized neural network model, randomly select half of the imaging feature data of the cases to train the neural network, and use the other half of the feature data to perform glioma grading on the trained neural network verify.
The neural network is repeated 100 times for training and validation, and the results are averaged.
Results: A total of 5 features were selected as input features for the neural network model after feature selection. The average accuracy rate of the neural network for glioma grading was 90.32%, the average sensitivity was 87.86%, and the average specificity was 92.49%. The area under the curve of the operator's operating curve was 0.9486.
Conclusion: As an artificial intelligence method, artificial neural network has high accuracy in grading glioma, and provides a feasible auxiliary method for non-invasive preoperative grading of glioma.
Objective: To study the prognostic factors of patients with drug-induced liver failure (DILF), and to construct its logistic regression model (logistic regression model, LRM).
Methods: The clinical data of 183 patients with DILF admitted to the Department of Infectious Diseases of Xiangya Hospital, Second Xiangya Hospital and Third Xiangya Hospital of Central South University from January 2009 to January 2018 were retrospectively analyzed, and they were divided into improvement group according to their prognosis (n=67) and the null group (n=116).
The possible prognostic factors such as age, Tbil, SCr, PT and complications were initially screened by univariate analysis. Based on the results of univariate analysis, independent prognostic factors were further screened by multivariate analysis and an LRM model was constructed.
The LRM model was compared with the model for end-stage liver disease (MELD), and the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) was used to evaluate the predictive value of the LRM model and the MELD model. The area under the ROC curve (area under the ROC curve, AUC) and the total correct rate and other parameters are good or bad, and are verified by independent samples.
Results: Univariate analysis suggested: age, clinical type, hepatic encephalopathy, hepatorenal syndrome, WBC count, aspartic acid transaminase/glutarine transaminase (AST/ALT) ratio, Tbil, SCr, PT and alpha-fetoprotein (alpha-fetoprotein, AFP) were significantly different between the two groups (all P<0.05).
Multivariate analysis suggested that AFP, PT, AST/ALT ratio, hepatic encephalopathy and hepatorenal syndrome were independent prognostic factors for DILF patients, which could be used to construct LRM model.
The AUCs of the LRM model and the MELD model were 0.917 (95% CI: 0.876-0.959) and 0.709 (95% CI: 0.633-0.786), respectively, and the total correct rates were 86.7% and 68.3%, respectively, and the difference was statistically significant (P< 0.05).
Conclusion: AFP, PT, AST/ALT ratio, hepatic encephalopathy and hepatorenal syndrome are independent prognostic factors for DILF patients; LRM model can accurately predict the short-term prognosis of DILF patients, and its application value is better than MELD model.
This article discusses the three concepts of oral health care for long-term care cases: the correlation between oral conditions and general health, oral care and dysphagia, oral health and hydration, and thus puts forward strategies for oral health care in long-term care institutions, hoping to make long-term care Partners attach great importance to oral health and implement oral health care for long-term care cases.
The clinical phenotypes of inherited metabolic liver diseases are significantly different. Although the incidence of each disease is not high, due to the wide spectrum of diseases, the overall affected population is not uncommon, and clinical attention should be paid.
This kind of disease is clinically rare, relative understanding is insufficient, and the problem of clinical misdiagnosis is more prominent. Now we will discuss the clinical genetic diagnosis of inherited metabolic liver disease based on the problems encountered in clinical practice.
At present, more than 300,000 people around the world have been implanted with cochlear implants. With the relaxation of indications for implantation, how to preserve the patient's residual hearing and the original microstructure and function of the inner ear during and after implantation, and how to use it safely and effectively Drugs to reduce postoperative inflammatory response and fibrosis, preserve residual hearing, and reduce hair cell and spiral ganglion cell apoptosis have become research hotspots in this field.
In this paper, the local drug delivery methods of the inner ear are divided into four categories: direct intratympanic drug delivery, intratympanic sustained-release carrier drug delivery, cochlear drug delivery, and cochlear implant electrode modification. review.
SIRT7 is a member of the mammalian Sirtuins family, localized in the nucleolus, and is a highly specific H3K18Ac (acetylation 18 lysine residue of histone H3) deacetylase.
Recent studies have found that SIRT7 can participate in the regulation of ribosomal RNA transcription, cell metabolism, cell stress and DNA damage repair and other physiological processes through various pathways.
In addition, SIRT7 is also closely related to aging, heart disease and fatty liver.
In particular, SIRT7 plays an important regulatory role in the development of various tumors such as liver cancer, gastric cancer, breast cancer, bladder cancer, colorectal cancer, pancreatic cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
This paper reviews the cellular and molecular biological functions of SIRT7, and systematically summarizes its research status in human diseases.
The ORF4 protein encoded by porcine circovirus type 2 is a new protein discovered in recent years.
In this study, the eukaryotic expression vector pCMV-N-Flag-GST with double tags was constructed first, and then the ORF4 gene was inserted into the vector to form pCMV-N-Flag-GST-ORF4.
After the plasmid was transfected into 293T cells to express ORF4, the protein library that potentially interacted with ORF4 in the cells was captured by GST Pull-down assay.
After SDS-PAGE separation and silver staining, the resulting specific bands were identified by mass spectrometry, and 5 proteins potentially interacting with ORF4 were screened out, including serine/threonine protein phosphatase 6 catalytic subunit, α-cardiac protein , β-actin, SEC-14-like protein 5 and myosin 9.
The above research results provide new ideas and directions for further revealing the role of ORF4 in the process of virus infection in cells.
Poly 3-hydroxybutyrate lactate [Poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-lactate), P(3HB-co-LA)], a member of the polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHA) family, is a Natural polymer biomaterials with good biocompatibility and degradability.
In this paper, by introducing β-ketothiolase and acetoacetyl-CoA reductase from Ralstonia eutropha, propionyl-CoA transferase mutant from Clostridium propionicum and Heterologous enzymes such as PHA synthase mutants derived from Pseudomonas fluorescens strain 2P24 successfully realized the one-step synthesis of P(3HB-co-LA) from glucose, in which the molar percentage of lactic acid component reached 1.6%. The material content is 83.9 wt%.
On this basis, the respiratory chain level was weakened by knocking out the flavin prenyltransferase gene (ubiX) required for coenzyme Q8 synthesis, thereby enhancing lactate accumulation, and further deleting the lactate dehydrogenase gene (dld) to reduce Lactic acid was converted to pyruvate at the later stage of fermentation, which finally increased the molar percentage of lactic acid component in P(3HB-co-LA) to 14.1%, while the polymer content was 81.7 wt%.
The above experimental results show that the strategy of weakening the respiratory chain level can effectively increase the molar percentage of the lactic acid component in the polymer, thus providing a new idea to change the content of the monomer component in the biosynthetic polymer.
Transfer ribonucleic acid (tRNA) is one of the important components in the process of protein synthesis. In order to explore the effect of the abundance change of tRNA corresponding to rare codons (rare tRNA) on the expression of foreign genes, the rare tRNA gene of Pichia pastoris and Exogenous gene co-expression system.
Firstly, a repressor region consisting of four consecutive proline rare codons CCG was added to the GFP gene, and the results showed that the expression of the GFP gene was significantly reduced.
Then, the GFP gene and tRNAProCCG gene with a repressor region were sequentially connected to the pPIC9K vector, and co-expressed in Pichia pastoris GS115. As a result, the expression of GFP was increased by 4.9%; Linked to pPIC9K and pFLDα vectors respectively, and co-expressed in Pichia pastoris GS115, the expression level of GFP was increased by 12.5% at the highest; applying the same method to co-express tRNAProCCG gene and NFATc3T-GFP fusion gene, the expression level increased by 21.3%.
It can be seen that tRNAProCCG is indeed a rare tRNA in Pichia pastoris GS115, and the expression of foreign genes with continuous codons can be significantly increased by co-expressing the tRNAProCCG gene, and the co-expression system constructed in this paper will also be applicable to other rare tRNAs Gene screening and validation.
Defensins are a class of endogenous cationic antimicrobial peptides rich in arginine and cysteine, and are important immune factors for molluscs to resist the infection of various pathogenic microorganisms.
The 43 amino acid residues near the carboxy-terminal of Pacific oyster defensin (Crassostrea gigas defensin, CgD) constitute its mature peptide region, which determines the biological activity of CgD.
The results of the antibacterial test showed that the culture supernatant containing recombinant protein CgDH⁺ and recombinant protein CgDH⁻ had antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa respectively, indicating that the 6×His tag in the recombinant protein The presence or absence does not affect its biological activity.
Thyroid tumors are currently the most common disease, and thyroid surgery is increasing day by day.
Today, day surgery has become a new trend in surgery, so is day surgery suitable for thyroid surgery? This article analyzes its safety through the discussion of hospitals, doctors, operations, patients and other aspects.
In previous work, it was found that the truncated rotavirus VP4* protein (aa 26–476) could be expressed in a soluble form in E. coli and had high immunogenicity and immunoprotection in mouse models.
In this study, the immune protection of VP4* protein was further improved by granulation.
In summary, the study of VP4* polymer provides a broader idea for the development of rotavirus genetically engineered subunit vaccines.
In order to explore the effect of 27nt-miRNA on the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into vascular smooth muscle cells, the expression plasmids of 27nt-miRNA overexpression, antisense sequence Anti-27nt-miRNA and negative control were constructed and transfected into human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells after lentiviral packaging. Human mesenchymal stem cells (hUCMSCs) were added with type IV collagen to induce hUCMSCs to differentiate into vascular smooth muscle cells.
After testing, compared with the negative control group, the cell viability of the 27nt-miRNA overexpression differentiation group decreased by 20.48% (P<0.05), and the expressions of SMA mRNA, SM22α mRNA and their proteins were significantly increased (P<0.05); while Anti- In the 27nt-miRNA differentiation group, the cell viability increased by 18.07% (P<0.05), and the expressions of SMA mRNA, SM22α mRNA and their proteins decreased (P<0.05).
In summary, 27nt-miRNA can promote the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into vascular smooth muscle cells and inhibit the viability of differentiated cells.
